Who the hell wrote this?
It's all fake
You don't have to explain.
During this time
I also think Yu Shuang is a good match for you.
I really don't deserve you
So let's get a divorce
Is that so?
You can be with him openly
No need to sneak around the office
Wife, this newspaper is really full of nonsense
I am innocent with him.
Nothing.
I think of him as my sister
What about the conditions in the office?
That's because his legs are numb, I'll press him
No no
Wife, if you don't believe me, call him me now
You wait.
Hello, sister.
No matter what you are doing
Come to my house quickly
Something happened to Xiaoyan
What happened to Xiaoyan?
Yiqiu, how did you bully Xiaoyan again?
I didn't bully
We bullied
Let's take a good look at ourselves
What the hell did you write that?
Isn't that a rumor?
Do you believe this rumor, Xiaoyan?
My legs are numb, let Ye Qiu pinch you for me
Besides, you don't believe Ye Qiu
Don't you believe me?
But Yu Shuang
I think the paper is right
I don't deserve Ye Qiu
You and Ye Qiu are a better match
Who says you don't deserve him?
I broke his teeth.
Besides, don't care what other people say
As long as Ye Qiu doesn't dislike you
Is it all right?
Yes, honey.
You and Xiaorou
The most important person in my life
I promise.
I will never let you suffer any more grievances in this life
That's right, Xiaoyan
I will treat you well too
I won't let you get hurt at all
It's nice to have you.